docs: Update for Gaia v13 release (#174)
cosmos/mainnet: README.md

## 🚀 Quickstart

### Prerequisites

You will need the following tools preinstalled:

- `make` & `gcc`
- `Go 1.20.x+`

> **Note**: See the [installation docs](https://hub.cosmos.network/main/getting-started/installation.html) for clarification and a detailed set of instructions.

### Quicksync

Quicksync.io offers several daily snapshots of the Cosmos Hub with varying levels of pruning (archive 1.4TB, default 540GB, and pruned 265GB). For downloads and installation instructions, visit the [Cosmos Quicksync guide](https://quicksync.io/networks/cosmos.html).

### State Sync

To enable state sync, visit an [explorer](https://www.mintscan.io/cosmos/blocks) to get a recent block height and corresponding hash. A node operator can choose any height/hash in the current bonding period, but as the recommended snapshot period is 1000 blocks, it is advised to choose something close to current height - 1000. Set these parameters in the code snippet below `<BLOCK_HEIGHT>` and `<BLOCK_HASH>`

For reference, the list of `rpc_servers` and `persistent` peers can be found in the [cosmos hub chain-registry repo](https://github.com/cosmos/chain-registry/blob/master/cosmoshub/chain.json).

```bash

> # Clone Gaia with only the release branch that we're using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Clone Gaia with only the release branch that we are using
```
